README.md, before:

# Mock Ecommerce Website

![Screenshot of front page](/src/images/Screenshot%202024-06-01%20at%209.12.39 PM.png "Front page")
![Screenshot of shopping tab](/src/images/shop_page.png "Shopping tab")
![Screenshot of cart tab](/src/images/cart_tab.png "Cart tab")

## Description

This project shows a fake online store in which users can pick out items with a desired quantity and put it in their shopping cart. The shopping cart allows users to apply a discount code, adjust quantity of items, and delete items. 

## Why?

The purpose of this project was to gain proficiency in using React and UX and UI design. More specifically,
- using a React Router
- fetching data in React
- using Vitest for testing in React
- styling react components
- making responsive design
- making an appealing design

## Live Site 

[https://shiny-elf-393f23.netlify.app/](https://shiny-elf-393f23.netlify.app/)

## How to Run Project Locally
1. Clone this repository
2. run ```npm install``` in your bash/command line
3. run ```npm run dev``` in your bash/command line

Commit message:

add one additional clarifying step to run project locally in readme

README.md, after:

# Mock Ecommerce Website

![Screenshot of front page](/src/images/Screenshot%202024-06-01%20at%209.12.39 PM.png "Front page")
![Screenshot of shopping tab](/src/images/shop_page.png "Shopping tab")
![Screenshot of cart tab](/src/images/cart_tab.png "Cart tab")

## Description

This project shows a fake online store in which users can pick out items with a desired quantity and put it in their shopping cart. The shopping cart allows users to apply a discount code, adjust quantity of items, and delete items. 

## Why?

The purpose of this project was to gain proficiency in using React and UX and UI design. More specifically,
- using a React Router
- fetching data in React
- using Vitest for testing in React
- styling react components
- making responsive design
- making an appealing design

## Live Site 

[https://shiny-elf-393f23.netlify.app/](https://shiny-elf-393f23.netlify.app/)

## How to Run Project Locally
1. Clone this repository
2. cd or change directory to the project directory
3. run ```npm install``` in your bash/command line
4. run ```npm run dev``` in your bash/command line
